(mysterious music)
Last month we spoke with Sheila Gillette
about her personal journey in becoming
a channel for the Theo group of archangels.
In this interview, I speak with the Theo group directly.
They shared information about some of
the energetic challenges facing mankind
and what can be done to help manage them
and what life will be like in the future
when we move in mass into the finer
fifth dimensional field.
Sheila, it's good to be back with you again
and this time we're going to go in it,
you're going to go in it and we're going to begin
talking with Theo which is the group of the 12 beings
that come through and speak collectively as one voice
through you.
Yes, I've been doing this 40 years
and Theo is a group of 12 archangels that speak
through me.
It is a voice, they take over my vocal chords
and they speak directly to you and answer the questions
of the questioner.
And they have a very, it's a very
interesting accent, just to give people the heads up
in advance because it is almost as though
each of the syllables is being articulated
out of a dictionary.
It has a bit of initially kind of a robotic kind of sound
in the very beginning and then starts softening
as they start working with the energies here
over as the minutes go on it starts softening,
but it's a very distinct accent to them.
Yes and you know I asked about that accent
because and others had to, where are they from?
What's the accent?
And I said, they've not been embodied here
and so we asked them, where does
the accent come from?
And they said because they are aligned with
all of the energies around us and sound is a part
of that and our voices are the sound
so they bring forth those sounds and it comes
out in that type of accent.
Yes.
Which is a vibrational frequency.
But it's very clear so there will be
no problem with anybody understanding anything.
So with that in mind, my intention today
is to talk with Theo about a larger picture.
About what's happening to mankind right now
at this transition point.
Very strange and interesting phenomena are occuring
within us and around us and that will be
the nature of the conversation.
So with that, we'll invite Theo to join us.
Fine, it just takes a few seconds for me
to alter my state.
I'll close my eyes and I'll invite Theo to come in
and they'll begin speaking and they'll say
this is the beginning is it not?
And that's when we start with the questions.
Okay, very good.
We'll see you in a little bit.
Okay, bye for now.
It is the beginning, is it not?
Yes, thank you Theo for agreeing
to join us here today and I'm asking questions
on behalf of many others around the world right now.
And many beings are very intrigued with,
flumoxed by and interested in what is happening
on this planet within the physical body,
the psyche, and so forth in relationship
to the changes that are going on cosmically
within the earth and I would like to start with
one question that's off topic first.
And that is if you can give us an idea from
your perspective what it's like viewing into
or reaching into the earth energies,
though I know you and Sheila hook up
at a higher level than that.
Can you tell us from an outside perspective
what it is we're living in here and what it feels like?
It is a high intensity, it is a high frequency
that is the fifth dimension area energy
which is an arching up of the electromagnetic fields
of the earth and of the beings on it.
Animals, humans, whatever is a part of this
earthly experience is being affected
by this energy frequency shift.
It is an arching up of this energy so that beings
are more conscious and aware energetically
and aligned to their masterhood.
Know that humans have come from trumonic
backgrounds, shape shifting, using energies
as they would, moving objects, moving other energies,
moving their minds, being by locating some do this.
So it is an adventure now for humans to explore
and to experience that masterfulness
that is their birthright but never before have
they been ready to accept that responsibility
or ready physically to accept this energetic,
the fifth dimensionsionary energies fully in place now
and that is some of what you have been experiencing
in your own physical bodies and the earth
is experiencing it as well.
It is aligned astrologically so there are many
influences to this energetic field.
And when you say aligned astrologically,
are you speaking about the positioning of the planet
earth itself as moving toward what many call
the galactic center of our galaxy the Milky Way,
this grand cross of alignment?
It is.
Okay.
And it is also being effected and it's been proven so
by the sciences that the sun of your solar system
is very influential in its' activity to the activities
of the entire solar system.
Yes, and I wanted to talk to you about that
as we'll start a little farther out and work our way in.
Then the sun itself is having as I understand it,
a great amount of pressure exerted on it
with this cosmic event that is occurring at this time.
Does that tend to be the case and how
is it effecting, how is it impacting the function
and consciousness of the sun?
It is effecting.
It is natural to the sun to have these events
as it were, for it is a very fluid planet
and it is an energy ball so to speak.
Do you understand?
Mmm-hmm.
So it is in fluxation of certain frequencies
and energies and then it becomes hotter
or cooler, it has its' own experiences energetically.
How it affects the other planets of the solar system
has a great influence on its' activity electrically
and seismically meaning as you've witnessed
upon your planet much seismic or pressure expressions
it may at one time cataclysmic.
It is only to those who are upon that crevice
or upon the volcanic mountain, but it is not for all.
Which you're bearing witness to this activity
that does become a part of the energetic field
that is felt throughout your world
and your galaxy as well but most are concerned
about their own well being, are they not?
Yes, yes indeed.
Because we have fear and survival issues
that play into from the frequencies
we're moving out of.
Looking at what you just said about the effect
of these seismic areas for example,
what about the more subtle influences that we feel
on the planet such as the geomagnetic lines
for example.
Such as the positive and negative vertices of
the planet, are these being pressured or stressed
or more enlivened at this point in time,
even though we may not see them
and they may not make the headlines
in the form of seismic activity?
They are enlightened as you put it.
That is a good way of speaking.
For the frequencies are heightened
and so what beings may find if they are in
a particular area of a vertice then they are
effected energetically, they may become dizzy,
they may become ill in their equilibrium
meaning they may have a dizziness,
they may have an upset stomach, they may be
experiencing things thinking they are having
a symptom of a virus, which is not the case.
They're only experiencing, and as we said,
it does effect the equilibrium of many.
Yes and so a person may have been living
in the same place for quite a long time,
but are you saying then that because
of the moving upward of the frequency,
the enlivening of these frequencies at a place
that may have been very stable to their field
is now unstable and uncomfortable?
Yes.
Okay.
But this too will not be long lived for the beings
will adjust.
It takes a bit of time for adjustment but it is
a part of this metamorphosis if you would
that is occurring upon this planet
through higher dimensional frequency.
So what happens then when a person
is coming across say a very specifically located
little, I'm not talking about the big famous ones
in the coffee table picture books, but the little
vertices that are both have either positive
or negative influences, how does a person recognize
if they're simply passing through one of these places
verses having something truly, organically disturbed
in their body?
How will they tell the difference?
If they are passing through it'll be short lived,
if they're living on it, it may not be as short lived
as would be their experience of passing over
or through.
But most who have been living in these areas
of energetic fields are familiar with their shifts
and have learned from it, if they have been there
for some time.
It is the passerby, should we say,
that would may, be alarmed.
And what would some of the symptoms be
that they would feel in a situation like that,
passing through one of these negative vortexes?
And they exist all over.
Yes, it could be a shift of their emotional energy,
feeling very depressed or down,
or they may feel dizzy and disoriented,
but it's not long lived.
For they pass through and then their body
will adjust again.
They may feel a time space skip.
What about, let's reverse that,
what about when they're passing through
the positive vertices on the planet?
Some of their symptoms could be the same
because it can be disorienting, but as a sense also
of ad joinment, there's a sensitiveness
in alignment to them in this positive way.
A sense of joy, peace, and a sense of love.
Yes.
And most often gratitude, for when they have,
there is this sense of well being and a feeling
of bouyance by a love feeling,
then there is a sense of gratitude for life.
And so at this point in time,
do you perceive that many people are essentially
feeling this restlessness and this desire to
move around because they're seeking to get away
from the uncomfortableness of the enlivened
geomagnetic lines and maybe they're seeking
some of these positive areas or vertices
as we perceive them?
They are, they are completing in a certain area
of their life, maybe with relationship or place.
It is a catalyst for growth so it can give the impulse
to move, to change.
And it can bring forth opportunities to make those changes
that fall into place even though they may
be uncomfortable or one does not desire change
or is uncomfortable with change so it is more
difficult for them then it would be someone
who is ready an anxious and loves change
and new experiences.
It is dependent upon the personality traits.
On how they meet this energy.
Yes, and of course the human species
does seem to have a certain resistance
to change at large, although more are opening
up and embracing it with the time.
The less resistance one has the easier
it would be, not only mentally, but physically.
Yes, that's a very good point.
I want to get into some of the physical
elements of this change going on,
but since we're on the subject of the earth
and vertices and the earth energies themselves,
I'd like to talk about perhaps a lesser known
or little more extreme phenomena on the planet
which are more the inter dimensional portals
or some call them, even in military parliaments,
star gates.
Can you talk a little bit to the subject of
the inter dimensional portals on the planet?
There are those in which beings can participate
if you would and many have, some call them
wormholes, star gates, opportunities of experiencing
universal dimensions and this does occur
to those who are accepting of it.
Do you understand?
Mmm-hmm.
For when one has the belief, they are more open
to those opportunities, experientially speaking.
Much of that, those places on the planet,
as I alluded to earlier, have been co opted
by military purposes and are clouded
from public view and much of the public
doesn't have access to the ones that are considered
to be the primary physical star gates
on this planet.
In the future, do you see these places
becoming available to the public at large
and if so, how do you see us really utilizing them
in a positive way in the future?
In time, yes, but it would be a great deal of time
before there is that opportunity.
For some who are ready to experience and have
the opportunity to participate energetically there,
but many are not ready yet.
That's what this energy, this fifth dimension
is about, is a readiness, an acceptance
of vibrational frequency knowing that you're more
than your physical body.
And that there are these places
that one can express and experience,
the multi-dimensionality.
But not all are ready yet, so if the gate were open there
to do such, it could produce fear.
And that has been a concern.
What does that look like?
Let's put ourselves a bit in the future
so that we have moved out of the fear
and we have gained acceptance of our potentials,
what would a proper positive, uplifting use
of these star gates or fields, these inter dimensional
portals be like for us in the future?
It would be the ability to be in more than one place
at one time, as many masters that have
been written about.
There would be an awareness of all that is.
There would be an at onement in that sense
of connectivity to source in the physical body
and a continual basis.
Now we are speaking in mass, do you understand?
Mmm-hmm.
There are those who already have that capability
and that sense of knowing us but we are speaking
in mass now that beings have raised their frequencies,
they are ready, they are accepting, and they have
a belief that they have this power.
So they can utilize the energies that are there
in a significant way to skip time space,
go into other dimensions, go into other states of being.
Mmm-hmm, when you say states of being,
do you care to expand on that?
Out of body.
Also there can be that which is a total awareness
of all that is.
Not necessarily out of the body, in the body.
A totality, that sense of pureness of love.
See it is a glorious experience when one
is ready and available to it.
Heaven on earth one might say.
And when beings, people,
are ready for this and for those who already are
experiencing this, when they move into these
other dimensions, are these then would you define as
the other higher dimensional frequencies
of the earth itself?
Yes.
Because I think often people believe
because we have a hard time understanding
our own multi dimensionality, that we also
don't understand the multi dimensionality
of our beautiful hostess that we live within
and on which is the earth itself, has her own journey
and many dimensional frequencies.
Can you talk about this and about where some
of the beings that live here have actually come from
prior to this frequency or density?
There are 12 dimensions about the earth
and we've spoken of five.
The sixth will be experienced physically
and that is full masterhood.
The others are theoric or energy frequencies
in that sense that you go out of body to experience
and you experience those teachers and angelic beings
that are there and present, however, that is only
one choice when you're choosing their earthly experience
in those dimensions of it, but no, there are billions
and billions of choices that us all could make.
To experience and you are speaking of your galaxy
and there, as you look to the sky,
and you see those stars of which you are enamored
and there are certain configurations of stars
that are other galaxies, and the souls can experience
those as well, but it's difficult for beings
to conceptualize what that could be.
For you are limited by your earthly experience
and your conscious mind and the conscious mind
perceives in pictures of what is known.
And words do a disservice because they limit as well.
So that is why we oft say that one must experience
for there's no greater learning than experience itself.
Yes?
Yes and I'm sorry, do you have more on that?
You may ask.
This really seems to come down
repeatedly, it doesn't matter what our earth experience
is, it seems to come repeatedly down to the very
limited aspect of our conscious mind,
the availability of pictures.
How do we then begin expanding our possibilities
when we don't have the existing pictures already?
When you have experience, then you have a new way
of expression and knowing that is beyond description
because of the limited vocabularies
because the vocabularies come with a picture
most often.
But when it is a knowingness of the experience
of the experiencer, it needs not be spoken of,
for it is.
You understand?
I do and having been through
some interesting experiences myself,
it's almost beyond the ability to articulate because
it's mostly kinesthetic.
It's kinesthetic and it's a sense of knowing
and so it seems that knowledge as with gurus
for example, you'll know one day.
They'll say, just keep on your path
and you'll know one day and I do understand why
that's said, so pictures and words can't really
adequately be relayed can they?
They cannot.
So we have to choose to expand our awareness
into the new experience without fear.
That is correct.
But as you know, beings fear loss of control
and it takes a bit of an ability to relinquish control,
does it not?
Yes.
And know that you're not going to lose your body
or your mind and that's what beings fear.
It is so out of any context that it's being comfortably
known that they may lose their faculties
or their body and know that their free will is all power.
If beings are out of their bodies, all they have to do
is think about their body and they'll be in it again.
No one can usurp your free will.
No one can take your power from you.
It is only given away.
This is a very good thing to talk about
right now because what as you well know
beyond probably what we even understand I'm sure,
the mass consciousness of the peoples on this planet
has been manipulated shall we say,
into a state of perpetual fear, much of it through
the media and so forth.
And think one of the places many people become stuck
is in having an awareness of some of the manipulations
going on but not succumbing to the manipulations.
From your perspective can you speak about
what that looks like?
It is consciousness, it is an awareness
and truth will out all that has been hidden
and deceived is bubbling to the surface now.
To be shown, to be recognized.
So those who think they are controlling
with this subterfuge and these processes
will be shown as the perpetrators of control
and manipulation.
It has already begun.
You are experiencing that economically.
You're experiencing that with each moment
and each day there's something that comes forth
that is brought to the awareness of the masses
and it's not to fear this, it is good.
It is important that the truth will out.
The truth be told.
Not in the fear, not to fear, but to see when knowledge
is there, understanding comes, and the ability
to change it will be.
And yet the people pass through a period
that has been a very popular past time on the planet
is relegated to what is called conspiracy theory
which that's interesting terminology in and of itself.
But nonetheless, basically bringing forth that
which has been hidden from us in secret
and one of the first reactions that people have
and I've interviewed many of these people,
one of the first reactions human's have more than fear
is anger.
Anger at the knowledge that they have been fooled
or tricked or coned on some level.
Is this even perhaps an appropriate place to pass through
to start one on the path to understanding
the greater picture?
But is it not fear and anger that is placed outside
themselves, at someone else?
Absolutely.
Rather than taking the responsibility that
they relinquished for the known.
For so often beings are manipulated in such a way
because they don't want to take responsibility.
They don't want to know.
This is true.
They want others to do their work for them
and this is the time of awakening,
that each being is responsible for their own life
and their own experiences.
There are no victims upon this planet.
And that seems harsh to say but there's not.
You are all volunteers in this embodiment.
You have chosen to be here so in knowing that you've
chosen this unique and beautiful body,
this unique and beautiful earthly experience,
do not ignore it and pass it off onto another
to do for you.
Be aware.
It is only those who become unconscious
that turn their power over to others,
that allow for this manipulation.
Do you understand?
Absolutely.
And it's easier said than done
because it's been going on for thousands of years.
I would like to ask you about that,
when you talk about the thousands of years
of manipulation.
Are we speaking about manipulation just from within,
are you speaking about it from just within
the human species or perhaps other species
that interface knowingly or unknowingly to us
with the human species or all of the above?
It's still the same, is it not?
Mmm-hmm.
One cannot take your power from you.
You give it.
And we're not speaking of aggression.
Do you understand?
Yes I believe so.
It's apathy.
Yes.
It's non attention.
It's easy to be manipulated when
we are essentially sleeping through our own lives.
Correct and abdicating your personal power
to others.
And this is across the board
for our health, for our education,
for our well being on every level.
Entertainment, we have abdicated our responsibility
in virtually every area of our life.
And you may speak in groups together that this is wrong
and you should be doing something and it stops there.
Yes?
Yes.
It's usually a discussion about they.
They are doing this, they are doing that,
they are you.
They are we, yes.
There is no con without those willing to be coned.
Correct.
Yes, I just wanted to clear that
because I know some our viewers will be wondering
about external control that is exerting itself
and again it still comes back to our complicity
in the game, right?
Correct.
Thank you.
I would like to talk a little bit about
the physical body.
Through this transition we're going on,
going through right now, there are certain traits
that seem to be very common such as fatigue.
A lot of beings, it's as though our batteries
are feeling as though we're drained at this time
and as electrical beings, can you speak to this
even if it's a bit of a more mechanical level?
But speak to this because it's very hard
to go through transition without energy,
without energy we don't have, when we don't
feel on top of our game and our awareness.
That is true.
You are being depleted on your adrenal level.
When there is this electromagnetic shift,
think in terms of putting your finger in
an electrical socket.
No one would do that.
Correct?
Mmm-hmm.
Knowingly so unless it was an infant
or a child that knows not better,
but if you likened it to that, an extreme shock
that the body would go through of readjustment,
that is what is occurring.
So ones must take care nutritionally,
resting, mediating, paying attention to your,
the nutrition and supplementation
because your nutrition will not be enough.
Just the food stuff that you eat, you must supplement
your vitamins and minerals to maintain this balance
and there are homeopathics that can
be taken that do assist the adrenal system,
the nervous system.
What you'll take note of that there will be
more aggravation for some with digestion.
There will be for many dysfunctionality
of thyroid in certain organs and hormonal balances.
So pay attention to these, minerals become depleted
very readily in this spirit of time
because they are the conduits.
This is what I was going to ask you next.
Can you please elaborate on this?
Magnesium and any of the really primary players
right now?
Potassium, magnesium, zinc, manganese,
these are four that are very prevalent
and for those who are having a great deal
of pain in their world, it is a depletion
of their magnesium, potassium, manganese,
and know that these are rocks that you're digesting
so if you can have them in liquid form
it's better absorbed, or to take your supplementation,
vitamins and minerals with food.
And can you explain what happens
when we take them with the food?
They digest with the food and then they're absorbed
better.
It works together you see.
So if we liken this again
to a battery, we are talking about,
we're talking about metals, we're talking about minerals
and these are being very depleted in the process
of our having stuck our fingers into that socket
as it were.
They're burned up.
They're burning up.
Yes, they're burned up and they're being
washed out of the body.
Many are drinking water and rightly so
because it is necessary, but know your minerals
are being depleted in this way as well.
That is why it's extremely important
to pay attention to what your body is doing
and what it tells you it needs.
For the body will speak clearly to you.
It does not mean that there's something wrong
with you.
What it means is that you just pay attention
and just as if you had a beautiful automobile
and you took such exquisite care of it.
You changed its' oil, you put air in its' tires,
you made sure the polish was just right
so the elements did not harm it,
and you vacuumed out the interior
and you polished everything and you went
ah ha, and it runs perfectly, and it matters
not the age if it's well cared for.
Same as the human vehicle.
It is the human vehicle.
Mmm-hmm.
And many do not care for the human vehicle
as they would an automobile.
Very true.
Or a home.
Do you see?
We expect that it will just
go on auto pilot.
That it's all taken care of and then we fall into
disrepair and end up in the shop and the shop
is not a good place to end up these days.
Yes.
In the real body shops,
the hospital and medical care and pharmaceutical systems.
So another thing that is happening besides
this depletion in our energies, in our batteries
is that we're having short circuits in our electrical
systems.
There seems to be a very great increase,
for example, in seizures of all kinds.
Also heart conditions, people even who are very young,
experiencing heart conditions and sudden electrical
shift that can lead to death.
Can you talk a little bit to that,
these electrical issues going on in our bodies?
You've spoken very well about it.
It is an adjustment frequency yes.
Certain facets of the brain work certain parts
of the body of course.
We all know this, yes?
The heart is a very important factor here
because if you did not have the pumping of blood
through all of the veins of the body,
feeding oxygen and nutrients to the cells,
there would be death, yes?
Yes.
So what is effected electrically?
The brain and the heart.
Do you see?
Yes.
So that's another reason you use your minerals.
Okay.
The minerals magnesium and potassium
are what help the heart beat and pump the blood.
The other minerals assist in the brain functionality
and the other nutrients as well.
The hormonal balance is necessary for the functionality
of the brain and the well balance of it.
The thyroid is extremely important
and that is why you must pay attention to it
because it is that temperature gauge.
The monitor for the body.
It monitors many things and it assists
the hormonal balance.
Yet we have an epidemic
at this point, of thyroid disorder.
Yes.
In the people.
And it is the energy that is shifting here.
And not just the thyroid but other glands
and I wanted to get into the glandular system with you
because it seems that this is really a very important
interface between the new energies and the new information
that is making itself available to us.
It seems that a major point of entry
are these very delicate but powerful master glands
and there seems to be on this planet
people who are now developing an entirely different
kind of pituitary for example.
A much larger pituitary.
Can you talk about this transitioning of our glands?
The pituitary is a highly functioning gland
for the entirety of the body and it is also
that which increases the functionality of the brain
and what you would find as it is enlarged
is also as many know where it is, the seeing
the third eye, the sensitive place of being
because it is a key component to the entirety
of the physical body, but also the brain.
And it speaks to the brain, how to function properly.
Do you see?
Mmm-hmm.
And so as we progress on this physical shift
into our, call it human 2.0 or what not,
this evolvement of the pituitary is evolving us
toward what end?
The full expression of your masterhood.
Awareness, total awareness.
So as our pituitaries begin expanding,
there may be some period of time during this
evolutionary period, this intense period,
where the pituitary may be finding itself in a different
frequency range and maybe even out of sync
with the other glands as sort of the scout
or pre-runner or the first master gland that must
be developed in this process.
I don't quite know how to articulate
what I'm saying but, you can probably see
what I'm saying.
It will adjust in this time and it will alllow
the body to adjust to the frequencies.
It will be not out of sync unless beings are not
attentive to caring for their physical body.
Mmm-hmm.
Beings will not have a problem with it
unless they're not attentive.
Yes, well these are all natural phenomena
we're talking about, these changes around us
are natural electrical field and the need
to support it through mineral supplementation
and so forth, but another thing that's occurring
is more man produced electricity.
Heavy electronics in the home, heavy electrical fields,
electromagnetic fields, some of it exotic technologies even.
How is this impacting the human being
as we're in this very delicate state, profound state,
where we're already electrically depleted?
that is why we're saying you do the supplementation
to maintain the body in its' fullest state
because this is what is supposed to be happening.
Evolutionarily.
Yes, and what about the artificial stimulation
of living in heavy electrical fields we've created
through our appliances?
And why is this being created?
Not to think of it as a negative.
This is an evolutionary fact.
And the body is adjusting to it.
Do you see?
So if you think it's going to harm you,
what will it do?
Harm you, yeah.
Because it is in the thought field,
that is the creation.
If you say ah ha, this is what is occurring and I
will care for my physical body,
I will feed it properly, I will give it the nutrition
that it needs, I will exercise, I will give it oxygenation
and the body will adjust to its' environment
without harm.
That's a very good point to be made
because much fear is being produced around
the subject of the electronics that we live within
and this is our world.
We've created them for our convenience.
Yes.
So it makes sense.
If we re mineralize and do the natural sorts
of things you're talking about,
we should be able to adapt to this,
these what we're now perceiving as stressors.
Yes.
And believing that it's a stressor will make it so.
Change the thought.
To be in harmony with our creations.
Affirm that your body's whole, healthy,
functioning perfectly.
Mmm-hmm.
You spoke of oxygen a moment ago,
now how does what you just said
play into the also physical reality?
We do have some oxygen depletion on the planet
which is really part impartial to our metabolic system
is the need for oxygen.
Are our bodies adapting to lower oxygen levels
as they're adapting to the electrical fields
and everything else?
Because of the education of your technology
and there is this global conversation that
is being had now, there's an awareness
to protect environment and the ozone layers
which is your oxygen, is it not?
So then you become aware of what is necessary,
such as the plants, the trees, that produce oxygen
and cleanse the air.
So as you move forward with this education
and this awareness note that in this time
of great change in global community that is coming about,
the sciences will be leaders.
The scientists will bring about the knowledge of change
and in done right by humanity in truth
rather than fear mongering for control.
When beings are aware of what they can do
and it's already been proven so in many areas,
they do it.
Do you understand?
They care for their environment.
They care for their habitat.
They care for each other and with the technological
connectivity that is only going to expand,
the global community comes together
and it is by the people that these changes come about.
And the political structures change
by the people.
The old forms don't work, new ones will be implemented.
And you've already begun to see
those requests coming forth in the desire
in the hearts of all humans for this change,
because they're being affected by it.
If they had not been awakened, the apathy
would continue and the control as such.
Along that line, in the book that Sheila wrote
called The Fifth Dimension, many years ago
in the 80's, I was noticing that you had told
of some of the political changes that were coming
that of course all came to pass including
the dissolution and dissolving of the soviet block
and so forth.
What do you see right now as a primary shift
that is getting ready on a very positive level
to happen for humanity?
What comes and you've already been bearing
witness to this, is a global economic structure.
There have been meeting after meeting
of world leaders to bring about this global economy.
Many fear this because they fear control
and conspiracy but it's necessary to bring about
and you've already witnessed that you are
a global economy.
Now to have it in place that is to benefit all humanity
is what is necessary.
Do you see?
And that does come to fruition.
As to the political structures there comes about
a political body if you would, much like the United Nations
but with more power and it is a communicative process,
an agreement process, a consensus process.
And as this has begun in the United States
with your present president, who is not a nationalist,
he's a globalist, he's brought forth
the awareness to many and some wish
to defer this is wrong, the necessity of communication
with each other around the world.
And combining so that it is a world of the people
and that humans can exist on this planet
in health and well being.
Yes?
So rather than judge and blame,
these are the old edicts, empower those who
seek this balance and become a participant in it.
Yes?
You may ask?
I believe that most people have no objection
to that and you hit it earlier when you said the fear is
that this same type of mentality that are called
architects of control in some parliaments,
those who seek to control for control, greed,
power's sake would be the very same ones
that would be controlling these new structures.
What do you see the actual outcome as?
Many fear that that would be so
but with the knowledge and with all of these
deceptions coming to the surface to be seen
for what they are, the people beings will not
allow for that.
Yes this is, this is a very wonderful aspect
of what is also going on.
It is.
It is a blessing.
To be enjoyed, not to be feared.
So for the people to choose
sovereignty, individually in their own being,
take responsibility for their own lives,
their own development, and at the same time
join together globally for the highest and best
good of all, is not just the desired outcome,
but the outcome that you do see coming to pass?
That's correct.
And do you see, I know timeframes are
always difficult.
Time on one level, time doesn't exist
in the way we think of it, but is it something
relatively near to us now that's drawing near
within most of our lifetimes?
We see it as now, yes.
Yes, okay.
And many who live now will experience it,
not all.
But again, it's coming down to our taking
the personal responsibility.
Yes.
The power, absolutely back into our own hands.
Correct.
Yes.
And dealing with your own issues.
Coming into the wholeness of your being,
dealing with the terrorist within you
rather than the terrorist without you.
Do you understand?
Yes, we each have these traits in ourselves
that are motivated by fear and desperation.
Yes, so it is as one takes responsibility
for their evolution of consciousness.
There comes about this radiance of peace
in the world as each being takes responsible
for that within.
I was going to ask you this earlier
so it takes the energy back to the personal,
human level.
In the expression of this in our own DNA,
as you just spoke about what our world will be
into the future, what is the human being
going to be like into the future?
Are there traits that we are developing physically
for example or releasing physically
that will be present into the future?
Aging.
We will not be aging in the same way?
Correct.
And that's because of these frequencies
and also what, letting go of the conflict within?
It's coming to that peace within
and that self-acceptance, self-love as some might say,
yes, the acceptance of self that allows
a relinquishment of angst and stress.
And so what would our lifespan be
in the future human for example?
As many as 200 years.
And would that also be in part
because we will have created a system that is
in support of life for all?
Yes.
So the angst simply won't be there.
The competition and the greed that pits us
against each other and makes us fear we're not
capable of our own survival?
And there is that but there is also with your sciences
and your technology, new forms of energies
that allow the body to be in its' optimum healthful state.
Do you care to elaborate on that?
We cannot.
Not at this time.
It's being developed at this time.
Yes, I understand.
I was going to get into a whole line of questioning
on the free energies and such, but the fact is
they are already underway and do exist.
These are political issues really at the time, so.
Yes.
Yes, so to bring this to a close,
can you tell us about the genuine profundity
of what we have chosen to experience in this lifetime
at this time in earth's evolution, evolutionary path?
It is a glorious time to be alive.
To experience masterfulness.
The ability to use all your power and awareness.
Not in a negative sense, but knowing that you
are the god that you are, the master that you are,
and you have total anonymity to that,
though you share it with others.
That you are an individual with great power
but so is another.
It is a time of grand experiencing.
Awakening, yes you can do all of the miracles
that you desire to do.
To manipulate energetics for manifestations
to arrive at a frequency of acceptance
that allows you to live as you wish to be
and that is blessed.
And I've heard you say many times,
one of the key components in being able
to develop this awareness or remember this
remembrance in our being as well is that we
have to find time to quiet the mind and experience ourself
in a broad term, in meditative state.
Correct.
Can you just briefly talk about
why this is so, so important to our advancement?
It's a natural state for humanity.
If you have ever daydreamed, sat quieting the self,
looking out of a window, or looking at something
and losing time and space, that is a meditation.
Many have been judged harshly that they are
daydreamers or all should be.
That is a meditative state that is natural
to the human experience.
It is not something to be feared, but something
to be enjoyed that allows physically a rest
for the entirety of the body and the organs
and the nervous system, but allows one to become
aware of all that is.
Yes.
Well Theo, anything else you can see here
that might be appropriate as a final comment?
Well there's much to be seen
but there's been much given for thought
in this sitting.
Yes.
We are complete for this moment.
Thank you very much, Theo.
God's love unto you, good day.
Good day.
There she is.
Hi.
Nicely rested.
Well I think we had a really, a really nice conversation.
It was very, very full.
As Theo just said, much to think about.
Oh, good, good.
And I'm very appreciative of you
giving us your time and sitting with us to do this, Sheila
because this is still your time, your body,
and you have a choice in this, and I very much
appreciate it because calmness is what is in my opinion
the greatest thing needed.
A beautiful overview and a calmness to
be able to contend with what appears to be the chaos.
Yes, very much so and I appreciate the opportunity
to share Theo with you and the world.
Thank you, Sheila.
Thank you.
To contact Sheila and Marcus Gillette directly
you can visit their website at asktheo.com
where you'll find times of their weekly live channeling
radio show as well as learn more about their book,
The Soul Truth and their guided mediations.
I find there to be a very high resonance in
the information imparted by Theo.
Until next time, thanks for watching CMN.
(mysterious music)